NIAD-1188: Readme file for VnP testing (#98)
nhsconnect/integration-adaptor-lab-results: vnp/README.md

# Volumetric and Performance testing

> There are 2 ways how to put load on the Lab Results adaptor in order to measure it's performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are 2 ways to put load on the Lab Results adaptor in order to measure its performance.
```

* sending EDIFACT to MESH mailbox as a laboratory would
* putting EDIFACT messages directly on `Inbound MESH Queue`

The latter is omitting the step where the adaptor is scanning MESH for new messages.

For both ways a sample EDIFACT file should be present on disk.

## Sending EDIFACT to MESH

Use the MESH Client script to send the same file multiple times to a given MESH mailbox. Details about the script can be found [here](../mesh/README.md).

Example:

    ./mesh.sh send gp_mailbox "@../src/intTest/resources/edifact/pathology.edifact.dat" 3 

> will send 3 times the content of a file located at `../src/intTest/resources/edifact/pathology.edifact.dat` to `gp_mailbox` MESH mailbox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will send the content of a file located at `../src/intTest/resources/edifact/pathology.edifact.dat` to `gp_mailbox` MESH mailbox 3 times.
```

## Sending EDIFACT to `Inbound MESH Queue`

Use the ["A" application](https://github.com/fmtn/a) which is an AMQP client allowing you to send messages directly to `Inbound MESH Queue`. Java 11 required.

Example:

    java -jar a-1.5.0-jar-with-dependencies.jar -A -b "amqps://admin:pwd@my-mq.com:5671" -p "@../src/intTest/resources/edifact/pathology.edifact.dat" -c 5 lab_results_mesh_inbound

> will send 5 times the content of a file located at `../src/intTest/resources/edifact/pathology.edifact.dat` to `lab_results_mesh_inbound` queue on `my-mq.com` broker listening on port `5671` connecting using secured AMQP protocol (amqp<span style="color:yellow">**s**</span>), user name `admin` and password `pwd`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will send the content of a file located at `../src/intTest/resources/edifact/pathology.edifact.dat` 5 times to the `lab_results_mesh_inbound` queue on `my-mq.com` broker listening on port `5671` connecting using secured AMQP protocol (amqp<span style="color:yellow">**s**</span>), user name `admin` and password `pwd`
```
